---
tags: Design, Power, Engines
---
# Power and Engines
## Power generation
Power generation is totally unbalanced right now. and radiation collectors are memeable thanks to items being irradiated.

Solution: remove radiation collectors, power is generated by the turbines instead, who are fed by the hot gassing from the supermatter, which generates heat in response to heat, and exotic gases, hence being an object of intense research by NT.

### Engine structure
Power generation should be organised around two turbines, running from the SM, these two, at peak efficiency, should provide enough power to run the station + 10%

### Power use rebalance
Flowing on from this should be a rebalance of the RnD parts for machines.

A single dept worth of machines i.e (2-3 machines) at t4 parts, should use power up to that entire 10% cap, requiring more turbines to be built to run more than 2 to 3 machines at t4 parts.


### Other engines
Yes this makes the other engines redundant, no I'm not sorry about that. I will keep the tesla/singularity as effects from engine meltdown, or as appropriate from other station events, but they will not be containable.


## Powered containment
Further more, the heat in the supermatter room should require powered containment. This will require all turf types and wall types get a maximum heat they can endure before being destroyed.

Only powered energy barriers and the energy floors will survive the heat levels reached in the supermatter room and during fusion reactions, losing power generation and Fusion/SM breaking containment should lead to an immediate vent to space and destruction of local environment due to intense heat.

changes changes changes